---
title: "What Now"
description: "Where do we go from here?"
date: 2024-11-11
tags: ["Life","Politics","Parenting","Mental Health"]
---
{{< lead >}}
The results of the US presidential election were extremely disappointing and frankly terrifying.
{{< /lead >}}
As we've all obviously seen by now, Donald Trump won the 2024 US presidential election by a landslide. There have been a number of blogs, social media posts, and news articles posted trying to analyze the data and figure out what happened. I've come to the conclusion that Trump is just what a majority of voting Americans want right now. Simple as that. People are unhappy with a number of things happening in the country right now, which caused a lot of people to vote for Trump and a lot of people to stay home. 

The rest of us are left disappointed after seeing months of what seemed like historically significant enthusiasm and momentum behind Kamala Harris. We saw record levels of voter registration and a previously unheard of amount of rapid fundraising totaling $1B. All signs seemed to be pointing to a clear Democrat victory. Sadly, we had no idea how many people were willing to vote for a madman, and unwilling to vote for a successful, qualified, and uplifting black woman. 

Now what do we do? This is what I've been going over in my mind since the morning of November 6. My wife and I have talked about how to prepare our daughters. We know we need to save extra money since we expect everything to get more expensive next year. I think all we can really do is continue to hope and make our voices heard to our local representative. Try and build a community of like-minded folks in our area. We'll definitely be tightening the purse strings over the next few years.

At this point who knows what Trump might or might not do. He's not been known to follow through on his promises, but this time it feels different. It's more unhinged and less guarded by responsible people around him. He fired them all. I hope there will be enough sensible and ethical Republicans in Congress to prevent the worst of his damage to our country. I'm happy for the states that elected local representatives who will ensure they retain their rights and who will protect them as much as possible from the harm of the Trump administration. In 2026 I hope to have the same outcome for Virginia. 

Stay hopeful. Stay together.